This is the eldest son of the Qin Group, the second family in Kyoto.
Worth 200 billion. This is the young master of the clique.
The annual income is only one above the previous level, but he is quite foolish towards the people he likes.
This is the eldest young master of the Zhao family in Kyoto.
Although the Zhao family is bankrupt, the situation in the family's financial situation will be brought about this year.
This is a complex place, and he himself only has very strong abilities.
This very ordinary guy
The class teacher also has a daughter with her
About 100,000 students are born every year
But laugh at family
I am usually willing to endure hardships and stand hard work
Choose your own son-in-law. Remember
You have to commit to travel
Let them taste their son-in-law
I really want to choose Mr. Qin as my son-in-law
If the Wang family can do it, then it will be a mess
how do i feel
may be seen
I usually let you watch some movies
Who would let that billionaire not choose?
Go and choose Linfeinai
Didn't you listen to her?
He has to make her his son-in-law
I will definitely make Young Master and Mr. Zhao happy.
Ye Ziqing and her little beauty from Qingqing's photography came to the stage to cheer